docs: assume tree-shaking bundler is the most common case (#5160)
transloadit/uppy: docs/uppy-core.mdx

:::note

If you don’t use any UI plugins, any modern bundler should be able to tree-shake
Preact code away. If you are not using a bundler that supports tree-shaking,

> it's also possible to import `BasePlugin` like this:

Author: ```suggestion
it’s also possible to import `BasePlugin` like this:
```
